[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
Gohan shouldered Piccolo out of
harm's way at Goku's insistence,
leaving the mighty Saiyan
to deal with Frieza alone.
Increasingly frantic
at his opponent's power,
the disheveled tyrant threw
everything he had at Goku.
Though it seems his worst
nightmare has come true...
I'm the Saiyan who came
all the way from Earth
for the soul purpose
of beating you.
I am the warrior you've
heard of in legends.
Pure of heart and awakened
by fury. That's what I am.
I am the Super
Saiyan! Son Goku!
[yell]
This is the end. It's over.
You fool. Do you
actually expect me to die?
I'm afraid that fate
belongs to you alone.
How long can
Saiyans survive in the
cold vacuum of outter space?
I doubt that you'll find it
nearly as effortless and I do.
[chuckle]
You and this pathetic
planet can perish together!
Die!
[GOKU] Oh, no!
So long, Saiyan!
♪ Opening Song ♪
Just hold on... I'll be back
as soon as I find Bulma.
[GOHAN] Wherever she is...
[intense laughing]
[intense laugh]
♪
Wha-- What now...?
Why does this place hate me?!
[trembling] Aaahhh!
[GOHAN] Ugh!
Ahhh!
Oh no, Dad!
[KING KAI shaky breathing]
What? What's happening now?
[KING KAI] Uh...
[YAMCHA and CHIAOTZU gasp]
Please... Tell us.
Goku did much better than
I would have expected...
[ALL gasp]
The only word for it
is "unbelievable."
Goku's battle prowess has
surpassed that of the most
despicable tyrants
in the known universe.
So then... He's won, yeah?
Has Frieza been
beaten once and for all?
Well... Not exactly, though
he was backed into a corner.
And so he retaliated by sealing
the fate of Planet Namek.
What does that even mean?
What's gonna happen to Goku?!
Out of sheer spite, Frieza
has reduced the entire planet
to floating chunks of rubble.
I'm afraid nothing
could have survived.
[gasp] They've... Oh no!
[KING KAI] It is finished.
End of story.
[KAMI] King Kai!
Are you there...?
If I'm getting
through to you at all,
please respond...!
This is Kami speaking;
Guardian of the Earth!
What the...? Uh...
Yes, Kami; you're coming
in loud and clear.
[KAMI] I've dispatched
my friend Mister Popo
on a mission to
recover the Dragon Balls
indigenous to my domain.
With any luck,
he should have all
seven of them
gathered very shortly.
I see...
[KAMI] If you wouldn't mind
indulging my friends with your
hospitality a bit longer,
I should be able to get them
out of your hair, so to
speak, in just a little while.
[KING KAI] Hmm.
[KAMI] Alas, that arrangement
necessarily excludes
poor Chiaotzu, as this
is his second, well...
Yes. Of course.
[gasp] Huh? Wait...
I'm confused here...
How is it you're
still among the living?
Ah... Yes, yes that...
Well, I'd say by a stroke of
absurd good fortune given
the sad fate of my race.
[KING KAI] But if you're
alive, that can only mean
that Piccolo has somehow
managed to survive.
Yes... Given that he and
I are inextricably bound...
I take it you're aware that
we were once a single entity?
Of course...!
This is a very good sign!
Really?
Hmmmm...
[KAMI] Ah... King Kai...?
You're still
there, aren't you...?
I-I'm afraid I'm not hearing
anything... that is, if you're--
Kindly let me concentrate!
Uh. Sorry...
Ah-hah!
♪
[struggling]
[BULMA] This place
will not have the pleasure
of snuffing me out!
[struggling]
[heavy breathing]
[GOHAN] Dad...
I spoke too soon; Planet
Namek is still intact...!
Goku, Gohan, Piccolo, and the
snarky little gal the others
call Bulma are
indubitably alive.
[cheering]
[KING KAI] I've never
been happier to be wrong.
And I'm never wrong. Ha ha.
♪
Hmm... Seems I pulled the reigns
a bit too tight on that one.
Because like a coward, you
were too worried about
getting caught in the wake
of your own explosion.
You've failed once again.
[growl]
And in case you haven't
noticed, I'm still alive.
Cling to that attitude
while you're able.
[chuckle]
[FRIEZA] You've no clue what's
happening right now, I take it?
The planet may not have
exploded instantaneously...
But its precious core has
been utterly desiccated.
Need I give you
a lesson in geology?
Hmph. Five minutes.
But five short minutes from
now, this detestable sphere
will crumble and burst to
so much galactic rubble.
♪
Five minutes will be
more than enough time.
As a matter of fact,
I can beat you
and get my friends out
of here in far less.
There'll only be
one of us to leave,
and I fear that
privilege won't go to you.
[FRIEZA] For all your heroics,
the odds are
stacked against it.
Ah, but as a little
fare-thee-well gift,
you will at the very least have
the privilege of witnessing me
at the absolute peak of my
veritably immeasurable power!
Why wait so long to
show it to me, Frieza?
[grunt]
You're not fooling anybody.
The second you're at full power,
your ability to control it
flies right out the window!
You're not stalling for more
time! We settle this now!
[BOTH grunt]
♪
[BOTH power yell]
Aaarrrhhh!
[GOKU grunt]
[FRIEZA] Aaahhh!
What's wrong...?
Afraid you're gonna
wear yourself out
too quickly once you
get to maximum power?
Huh?
[BOTH yell]
[growl]
[FRIEZA] Don't...
get... so... cocky...!
♪
[heavy breathing]
[FRIEZA growl]
[chuckle]
[laughing]
[FRIEZA] Exasperating
to find you've
underestimated your
opponent, isn't it?
[FRIEZA] And that yours truly
is at just seventy percent.
Oh... But fear not. The
grand unveiling is underway!
[FRIEZA] I can end this farce
in under sixty seconds...
No! In under thirty!
Ugh! Go on, Namek! Throw
whatever you've got at me!
Bulma's through
with playing nice!
Ahhh!
For the love of
all that's sacred,
[BULMA] somebody
swoop down and rescue me!
♪
Help me out, Bulma. Where
are you? I should at least be
picking up your
energy. Come on...!
By the looks of it this
planet doesn't have
much longer before it totally
collapses in on itself!
[GOHAN] Oh great... Frieza's
powers spiking like crazy.
Whatever that means,
it can't be good for us!
♪
Bulma! Do something to
try and get my attention!
[BULMA screaming]
No, no, no, no, no!
This is not how it ends!
[screaming]
Ahhh!
[scream]
[screaming]
It's you...!
Way to show up at the
last possible second!
Where do you people
get off leaving
a delicate young
flower like me
in the middle of nowhere,
on a barren piece of
[BULMA] intergalactic
real estate that
happens to be imploding?!
Where do you tough guys all
keep gallivanting off to?
Look, I know you're upset but
there's no time to explain
so just hold on tight.
Wait a second, are you taking me
where I think you're taking me?
We're headed to Goku's space
pod like the resourceful
and survival-savvy
star hoppers that we are!
You guessed it.
[cheering and laughing]
♪
[FRIEZA growling]
[GOKU] Wow. That power's doing
a real number on his body.
♪
[GOKU] This is it, then.
I'm finally going to see
him at one hundred percent.
[grunting]
♪
[FRIEZA grunting]
[struggling]
[KING KAI] Come in,
Goku! Can you hear me?
Listen! Don't fritter away
another moment, my boy!
This is your window of
opportunity to strike!
Hit Frieza with everything
you got while he's busy
[KING KAI] puffing himself
up to maximum power!
You can't afford
to miss this chance!
Believe me when I tell you
there won't be another one!
I'm not kidding, Goku!
Do you hear me?!
[GOKU] I hear you, King Kai.
[KING KAI] Eh... But... Uh...
[GOKU] I know all
too well this may be
my one and only chance
to take him down.
[GOKU] It's also the
only chance I'll ever have
to see what he's
really made of.
You... want... to see...
[KING KAI] No!
You're not yourself, lad.
This kind of talk is madness!
Seventy-eight...
Seventy-nine...
[FRIEZA] Eighty...
[FRIEZA] Eighty-one...
[KING KAI] Hey! Snap out
of it, for crying out loud!
I know... But I... I...
have to let him do this.
[FRIEZA] Eighty-four...
Eighty-five...
[GOKU] I have to... fight!
[grunt]
[KING KAI] Please, think
about what you're doing!
This isn't a contest...!
Goku...? Goku!
Krillin can't be
brought back to life with
the Dragon Balls a second time!
And I refuse to take the death
of my best friend sitting down!
[GOKU] He was a good man.
One of the bravest
I've ever known.
The fate this bastard delt him
was the last thing he deserved.
[KRILLIN] Ahhh!
Goku--!
[shaky breathing]
Before I'm done, he will bleed.
[KING KAI] Yes, fine. But
there's no sense in waiting
for him to reach full power!
Think of the others.
Think of your son!
They'll be okay.
Believe me; they will.
♪
[FRIEZA] Ninety-eight percent...
Almost... at maximum... power...
That's it. You go right
on up to a hundred...
The only reason I'm
waiting so patiently
for this grand unveiling
is to have the honor
of taking you
down at your best.
Cause regret's one
thing I won't be fighting.
[GOKU] Look at you!
You're itching to
lash out at me at full steam!
Otherwise you'd have
tried to hit Namek
with another blast
and be done with it!
[chuckling]
[YAMCHA]
Come on King Kai...
Don't keep us in the dark here!
Every last vestige of
Goku's reason has given way
to the unmitigated
rage of a Super Saiyan.
[NARRATOR] As planet
Namek's doomsday clock
winds down to its final tick,
the ultimate battle begins.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Frieza will pay dearly
for what he's done!
I don't care what happens.
The time for
holding back is over!
[KING KAI] The time for
this kind of nonsense
is what's over, Goku!
We have to get you and
yours off that planet...
to which end I
actually have a plan.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[KING KAI] Hey, hey!
How about that! I'm a genius!
[KING KAI chuckles]